[Music]
Hello my dear lovers of the
heart, I hope you're enjoying
the day, I'm catching up little by little
after well almost a day of
rest, no, let's not say no, I'd like to have
a day off, a little bit of
disconnection hasn't done me any harm
but it's not a day now, come on, you
're all getting angry on
Twitter and so on, I'll get in there first but come on
family please on Sundays on this
occasion I have to speak well of Marta
Riesgos, you know I was very critical
of her and well I am when I have to
do it with whoever I have to
because I considered that the performances she had
on Sálvame had been
embarrassing and
well, they were basically disrespectful to
her partner, you can't be any
lower but she's very much with her partner but in the
end she, his girlfriend, has to
respect him, she's supposed to support them
so she participates in the program where they
make fun of him and in front of her, they
mention him with nicknames and
derogatory nicknames and they laugh, well the truth is it
wasn't good at all, apart from that, she
made me a call that I didn't like the tone
that  employed but well that's in the
private sphere and I'm not going to tell it
but on this occasion it's quite good
because at least she moves and she has attended
with education basically these people
know that taking care of her they are making fun of
her because they take pictures in it in the
bathroom in the bathroom employment and one thing
that I resign to me what the girl is doing
wrong not showing her outfits
and taking pictures in the bathroom we do it
all okay I'm going to upload a picture today in
the bathroom okay and there's nothing wrong with us he
's not messing with anyone nor is he
hurting anyone with that and when they have
referred to David as the penas on this
occasion he has really brought out the claw
ah
yes
0 he
is aware he doesn't look at her from top to bottom you
are aware and you're going to be it's already
8 they
are telling me what
you like the most about
penas I don't like that if I tell you about
penas I don't like it when you
disrespect anyone it's a definition
the definition man the joy of the
güerta 9 well yes it's that
this is good well the truth is that it has
been quite better  I imagine that she will have
learned from her mistakes, I
imagine that those days she didn't know how to
handle the situation well and here she has
already learned and it seems that she
is better off with Antonio David it seems that she
is happy it is clear that she wants to be with
him and everything else, that she wants to move
forward and well now it seems that she is
going to respect herself and she is not going to allow anyone to
disrespect her in front of her
at least if she wants to be
attended to what do you think
families did you like this gesture I will be
going to the comments box to
remind you that last night well it is that the
afternoon but last night I left a video on the
main channel that is going to be very popular
about Isabel Rabago my main channel
is airplane and measurements in case there are people
on that channel it is also worth it I have
several channels javi oliveira there I
uploaded a video on the main channel a
video of tricks that is so popular with
newspaper archive edited about Isabel Rabago and
on the secondary channel javi el canijo
well you have a debate that I did with
Juanca that is not bad either there I
leave it for you family  See you in a bit
[Music]